# GUAC Maintainers Meeting: 2024-07-15

Recording: https://youtu.be/sgpABiYHQlw

## Attendees 

| Name | Email | Affiliation | Pronouns
| ---- | ----- | ----------- | --------
| Jeff Mendoza | jlm@jlm.name | Kusari | he/him
| Ben Cotton | ben@kusari.dev | Kusari | he/him
| Mike Lieberman | mike@kusari.dev | Kusari | he/him
| Parth Patel | Parth Patel | Kusari | he/him
| Soham Arora | arora106@purdue.edu | Purdue | he/him
| Dana Wang | | OpenSSF/Linux Foundation | 

## Agenda

* Community meeting this Thursday - 18th
* Should do a release as well
    * Want to add more Ent indexes 
* Overview of last meeting: what is needed for 1.0
    * Would like to have GitHub issues for every outstanding 1.0 item
    * Also have GitHub milestones for 1.0 items
    * Want to document “what does 1.0 mean” and then have a link to list of items
    * Still discussing items on list, hope 2-3 meetings will sort it all out
* Security baseline
    * GUAC project wants to be an early adopter of the whole baseline for its level
    * https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/353
    * https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/b62698b0fdff30a46006e730929cfff8d81a836f/process/security_baseline.md 
    * https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/dad64c843b0fb05b61208f81cbff0e26897f0b3f/process/sig-lifecycle-documents/security_baseline_sandbox_stage.md
    * As an early adopter we can provide feedback on how achievable all the requirements are, and hob much burden they impose
    * Is the baseline adoptable, are there holes?
    * Dana is looking to start a SIG to work on the baseline collectively
    * Bring feedback to SIG
    * https://app.diagrams.net/#G1P8E_yvo8Ocsvl9lazsQ8KhR7zTNDn7kV#%7B%22pageId%22%3A%22cyCG9EtvR2qieRX5Fzr3%22%7D
* [Community meeting agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ImSlr_t3WNZ3zWqpmfqkw1mi6_nkv3enkQ7snWDomKA/edit#heading=h.y6vt57juutf9):
    * Guac.sh updates
    * Community Stats
    * Focus on docs
    * SBOM everywhere catalog
    * Vuln scan on ingestion (not certifier)
    * Delete HasSBOM HasSLSA and CertifyVuln
    * E2E test updates
    * New user feedback? Proposal?